It's just so spacious.
So there are many convinient things.
like TV, air conditional, and so on.
I'm really busy on weekdays. Beacuse I'm always working.
whenever I have a free time, I almost always take a rest at the living room. 
It's just right for me.
It's just enough for me to take a rest.


과거 얘기할 때 사용하기 좋을 듯
One day : 하루는 ~~


I'll tell you what
you know what
you know
I gotta say
I guess you can say that
I would say that

I hope that i can buy a huge house later.

집 비교

I sometimes argue with someone about V-ing : 다투다

I keep in my mind (not) to V : ~하기로 마음먹다.

when I first moved into my current house,
there was nothing. 


you know umm.. i would say I love watching romance comedy movie. what i really love about it is It's just so exciting.
you know, when i first watched a romace comedy movie, I was a middle school student. movie title was about time. it was very famous movie. After I watched it, I just love watching that kind of movies. So currently whenever i go to the theater, it's only to watch that kind of movie.


Because of his appearance, people used to get him wrong.
Although he looks like bad guy, but he is really kind.




a few months ago, I watched a movie with my friend. Its title was crime city4. I'm a big fan of crime city series. So I was really looking forward to watch it. and It was so good. I was really satisfied with it. acting and story everything was so perfect. After movie ended, i told with my friend how movie was so awesome.


I was taking a walk at the park as usual. A few minutes later, someone approached me. So I tried to figure out who he was. And then the moment that I realized he was my old friend '재훈', I was like "Wow! long time no see!!".  And we talked for a long time. And we exchanged out phone number. We still contact each other. So I was able to make my old friend again.

There are many problems. But what I 'm really important to think is people just throw their garbage away anywhere. It's really important because It cause many environmetal problems. I think It's really bad. And also It makes park looks dirty. So people who visit the park have to care about their garbage more carefully. they have to pick up their garbage. if every people do it, we can keep the park clean.

it's very funny, when i go to the gym, sometimes i spend more time to listen to music than exercise.

a couple of year ago, i traveled with my friends to jeju island. Actually, it was really fantastic at first. But the end of the travel, we faced a serious problem. we missed airplane. It was just so terrible. But we thought positively. so we just bought a ticket again. we thought that it was just experience and it can happen. and we were able to come back home without any trouble. 
Thorough this experience, I'm keeping in my mind that when i face problems, just think positively. It helps to solve problems.